.\" .ig
.\" Copyright (C) 2013-2021 Stefan Gebauer

.\" http://linux.die.net/man/7/man-pages :
.\"  -".TH title section date source manual"
.\"  -"title
.\"   The title of the man page, written in all caps (e.g., MAN-PAGES)."
.\   -"Dates should be written in the form YYYY-MM-DD"
.\" This appears as 1st line when calling "man" with this man-page.
.TH SMARTMONITOR 8 "2021-07-12" "SMARTmonitor" "(remote) S.M.A.R.T. monitoring/analysis"
.\" .SH NAME
.\" \fBSMARTmonitor\fP \- (Remote) Monitor Application for S.M.A.R.T.-capable Data Carriers

.SH SYNOPSIS
To avoid divergence between this documentation and the application program
it is referred to the application's output.
Calling the SMARTmonitor service application without program arguments or
showing the "About" dialog of the wxWidgets GUI gives an overview about the
available options (for service: on the \fBconsole/standard output\fP)

.SH DESCRIPTION
A tool to monitor raw values for (critical) S.M.A.R.T. parameters directly/
locally or transferred to clients via BSD sockets.
S.M.A.R.T. values are retrieved periodically in an interval.
Automatic service/server installation for "systemd".
Unit detection for some S.M.A.R.T. attributes (Power-On Hours, Total Data Read/
Total Data Written).

.SH FILES
.B configuration files:
.\ Must be 1 space character intended, else appears in the same line
 ${allCfgFilePaths}

.B executable files:
.\ Must be 1 space character intended, else appears in the same line
 ${allExecFilePaths}

.SH AUTHORS
Stefan Gebauer, M. Sc. Computer Science (TU Berlin), www.it-gebauer.de

.SH REPORTING BUGS
http://github.com/st-gb/SMARTmonitor/issues

.SH LICENSE
You may test this software for free for 30 days. Using this sofware non-testing/
productively requires a valid bought license for \fBthis\fP version.
Owning a license you are also allowed to build and use your own version with
source code from http://github.com/st-gb/SMARTmonitor
